c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.dll
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.dll
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.pdb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml.g
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\WMAppManifest.xml
bin\Windows Phone\Debug\GameThumbnail.png
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.xap
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\myFont.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\circle.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\death.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\diamond.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\mrcircle-crouch.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\mrcircle.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\mrcircleAngry.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\shield.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Characters\star.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Levels\breakable.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Levels\leftRamp.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Levels\projectile.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Levels\rightRamp.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Levels\tile.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\lose screen.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\background.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\button.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\levelone.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Menus\pauseScreen.xnb
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern2.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern3.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern4.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern5.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern6.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern7.txt
c:\users\rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Patterns\Level1\Pattern1.txt
C:\Users\Rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\obj\Windows Phone\Debug\GeoRunWindowsPhone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Rizwan\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\GeoRunWindowsPhone\bin\Windows Phone\Debug\Content\Texts\insults.txt
